the chef Julian Inge of station 5 table
and bar in South Miami a new American
cell restaurant with some international
Flair I wanted to bring all of these
soulful traditional dishes and unite
them in one place it's kind of like a
home away from home it's got food that's
comfortable and interesting station five
serves dinner Tuesday through Sunday
with lunch on Thursdays and Friday and
brunch on the weekends and any time is
good for the dish we're making today
croque monsieur it's very very indulgent
it definitely would satisfy the hungry
man and all of us first chef Julia makes
a bechamel sauce in a hot pot add butter
and let it melt then add flour and stir
we're gonna let that toast
now add whole milk kosher salt
blend and simmer simmer several minutes
and when it starts to thicken add grated
Parmesan and Gruyere cheese --is when
they melt set aside on low heat next put
butter on the grill and toast slices of
sourdough bread and black forest ham I
personally like to grill my ham I do
that to add more Gruyere on the ham and
some Dijon mustard on the bread now put
the ham on the bread and top it with the
bechamel sauce this is not a sandwich
for the faint of heart
pop it in the oven under the broiler for
a couple of minutes to toast the cheese
when it's ready plate with French fries
the croque monsieur sandwich and some
homemade ketchup trip on with our croque
monsieur
we suggest having a fresh mimosa
welcome to station five table and bar
this is our croque monsieur
enjoy